The instructions you provided are for enabling the Qualcomm Neural Processing SDK (Software Development Kit) in a Linux distribution using the Yocto Project. The Yocto Project is an open-source collaboration project that helps developers create custom Linux-based systems for embedded products, regardless of the hardware architecture. Here’s a breakdown of the steps:

Enable Qualcomm Neural Processing SDK distro feature: This step involves enabling the Qualcomm Neural Processing SDK feature in your Linux distribution.

Add qti-snpe to the DISTRO_FEATURES_append list in the distro configuration file: Here, you’re adding the Qualcomm Neural Processing SDK (referred to as ‘qti-snpe’) to the list of features in your distribution’s configuration file. This file is located at poky/meta-qti-bsp/conf/distro/<distro>.conf.

Add the Qualcomm Neural Processing SDK package in the workspace: This involves downloading the Qualcomm Neural Processing SDK package and adding it to your workspace.

Download the Qualcomm Neural Processing SDK package and unzip it: You need to download the SDK package from the Qualcomm website and unzip it.

Go to poky/meta-qti-ml-prop/recipes/snpe-sdk/: This is the directory where you’ll be working with the SDK.

Create a folder ‘Files’ in this directory: You’re creating a new folder named ‘Files’ in the current directory.

Copy the unzipped Qualcomm Neural Processing SDK package folder to poky/meta-qti-ml-prop/recipes/snpe-sdk/files/: You’re copying the unzipped SDK package to the ‘files’ directory.

Rename the copied folder name to snpe: You’re renaming the copied folder to ‘snpe’. If the original folder was named ‘snpe-x.y.z’, it should now just be ‘snpe’.

Rebuild the image and flash the image to the device: Finally, you’re rebuilding the Linux image with the new SDK feature enabled, and then flashing this new image onto your device1.

Please note that these instructions assume you have a working knowledge of the Yocto Project and Linux development. If you’re new to these topics, you might find it helpful to review some tutorials or documentation on the Yocto Project and Qualcomm Neural Processing SDK234.
